#515: Update changes file (#531)
exasol/project-keeper: doc/requirements/design.md

Rationale:

* This avoids re-inventing the wheel.
* The plugin supports excluding dependencies from the update that could cause problems using the [`<excludes>`](https://www.mojohaus.org/versions/versions-maven-plugin/use-latest-releases-mojo.html#excludes) configuration.

Covers:
* [`dsn~update-dependencies-mode~1`](#update-dependencies-mode)

Needs: impl, utest, itest

##### Retrieve Vulnerability Information
`dsn~dependency-updater.read-vulnerability-info~1`

PK reads the information about potentially fixed vulnerabilities in dependencies from Java System Property `project-keeper:vulnerabilities` in JSONL format.

Rationale:

> * The `dependencies_check.yml` workflow detects vulnerabilities and creates issues. It outputs information about the created issues and the vulnerabilities. This information is passed to `dependencies_update.yml` as a parameter and forwarded to PK via the system property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `dependencies_check.yml` workflow detects vulnerabilities and creates issues. It outputs information about the created issues and the vulnerabilities. This information is passed to the workflow `dependencies_update.yml` as a parameter which forwards it to PK via the system property.
```
